Documentation standards (#50)
firedrakeproject/petsc_petsc4py_sprint: src/binding/petsc4py/docs/source/documentation_standards.rst

specified, even if this duplicates typing information.

See Also
........ 

If any of the following apply, then this section is required. The order of
entries is as follows. Other links are permitted in this section if they add
information useful to users.

Every ``setFromOptions`` must include the link \`petsc_options\`.

Any closely related part of the PETSc4py API not already linked in the
docstring should appear (e.g. setters and getters should cross-refer).

If there is a corresponding C API documentation page, this must be linked from
the "See also" section. E.g. \`petsc.MatSetValues\`.

End docstring with an empty line - "closing three quotation marks must be on a
line by itself, preferably preceded by a blank line"

.. warning:: 

    The docstrings must not cause Sphinx warnings.

Type hint standards
-------------------

If returning ``self``, use ``-> Self`` in function signature. 

Type hints are not required when the static type signature includes a PETSc
type (e.g. ``Vec x``). These will be automatically generated. This will also
work for ``= None``. When using type hints, use spacing around the equals in
any ``= None``.
 

> Communicators in type signatures must use Python typing instead of static
> c-typing (i.e. ``comm: Comm`` not ``Comm comm``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communicators in type signatures must use Python typing instead of c-typing
(i.e. ``comm: Comm`` not ``Comm comm``). This is because communicators
can come from `mpi4py` and not just the `petsc4py.PETSc.Comm` class.
```
